add_core = GC3
add_core = SX1
owner = SX1
controller = SX1
culture = chalybean
religion = luwian_religion
hre = no
base_tax = 0
base_production = 0
base_manpower = 4
trade_goods = naval_supplies
capital = "Kainon Chorion"
is_city = yes

#discovered_by = roman
discovered_by = greek_techgroup
discovered_by = punic
discovered_by = diadochi
discovered_by = iranian
discovered_by = balkan
#discovered_by = celtic
#discovered_by = germanic
#discovered_by = north_african
discovered_by = scythian_tech
#discovered_by = central_asian
#discovered_by = iberian
#discovered_by = afro_arabian
#discovered_by = indian
#discovered_by = far_eastern
#discovered_by = central_asian
discovered_by = caucaso_anatolian
discovered_by = caucasian
#discovered_by = south_east_asian
#discovered_by = britannic
#discovered_by = korean
#discovered_by = african

165.1.1 = {
	add_core = GC3
	owner = GC3
	controller = GC3
	remove_core = SX1
}
237.1.1 = {
	add_core = KPP
	owner = KPP
	controller = KPP
}
346.1.1 = { #Kyros the Younger as main satrap of Lydia, Phrygia, and Cappadocia
	add_core = PHR
	owner = PHR
	controller = PHR
	remove_core = PSE
}
354.1.1 = { #end of Cyros Revolt, temporary freedom of local tribes, that fight each otehr and greek colonies immediately
	add_core = GC3
	owner = GC3
	controller = GC3
}
379.1.1 = {#returns to persian protectorate under Datames
	add_core = KPP
	owner = KPP
	controller = KPP
}
422.1.1 = {
	add_core = PON
	owner = PON
	controller = PON
	remove_core = KPP
	remove_core = GC3
}
